She runs over the hillside Free and easy as the kite-light
Like a drum her heart beats in time With ancient tales told in rhyme
She burns in my heart When fires set at the start
Of all time, of all time Like lit but silver she blows through rivers and streams
A delicious walk dances through sunbeams And when I cry for a broken dream
She breathes new life and she mends torn seams
She burns in my heart When fires set at the start
Of all time, of all time
We sing with one voice We sing with one voice We sing with one voice
As hearts beat and rivers leave the sea A mother's love pours from you into me
Our eyes reflect the crystal starlight from above The anger in my soul is released like a dove
She burns in my heart When fires set at the start Of all time, of all time
Thanks for watching!